Hide link edit icon for observers (#1987)
digitalfabrik/integreat-cms: CHANGELOG.md

* [ [#1876](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1876) ] Make sidebar boxes on page form collapsible and save status as cookie
* [ [#1345](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1345) ] Track DeepL API usage by regions

> * [ [#1969](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1969) ] Hide page link edit button for observers wihout permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ [#1969](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1969) ] Hide edit button in page tree for users without edit permission
```

* [ [#1876](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1876) ] Make sidebar boxes on page form collapsible and save status as cookie
* [ [#1345](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1345) ] Track DeepL API usage by regions
* [ [#1695](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1695) ] Treat URLs with broken hash anchors as valid in link checker

> * [ [#1969](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1969) ] Hide edit button in page tree for users without edit permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ [#1969](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1969) ] Hide edit link button in content forms for users without edit permission
```
Haha, so sorry, completely misunderstood the purpose of this PR, I thought it was about the edit button in the tree/list views :sweat_smile: 
Then my previous suggestion does not make sense :see_no_evil:
